README.md, before:

# Vite TypeScript React Template

This template provides a robust starting point for building React applications using TypeScript. It's designed with developer experience and code quality in mind, featuring a suite of tools for efficient development.

## Features

- **Vitest & React Testing Library**: Integrated testing setup to write and run tests effectively.
- **Prettier**: Automated code formatting for consistent code style.
- **Husky**: Pre-commit hooks with Husky to format code using Prettier on each commit.
- **ESLint Configuration**: A lightweight setup that surfaces warnings in the editor. Note: ESLint is not included in lint-staged by choice.

## Usage

Click "Use this template" on the GitHub repository page to start a new project with this structure and configurations.

## Configuration Notes

- **Vitest & React Testing Library**: Ready-to-use testing environment.
- **Prettier & Husky**: Pre-configured for code formatting and style consistency.
- **ESLint**: Enhances the development experience, but not configured for lint-staged to allow for customization.

## TODO

- **Jest Matchers**: Importing Jest matchers globally requires additional configuration.

## Contributing

Contributions are welcome. Feel free to suggest improvements or submit pull requests.

## Badges and Shields

[![Vite](https://img.shields.io/badge/built_with-Vite-blue.svg)](https://vitejs.dev/)
[![TypeScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/TypeScript-3178C6.svg?logo=typescript&logoColor=white)](https://www.typescriptlang.org/)
[![React](https://img.shields.io/badge/React-20232A.svg?logo=react&logoColor=61DAFB)](https://reactjs.org/)
[![Prettier](https://img.shields.io/badge/code_style-Prettier-ff69b4.svg?logo=prettier)](https://prettier.io/)
[![Husky](https://img.shields.io/badge/git_hooks-Husky-brightgreen.svg)](https://typicode.github.io/husky/)

---

Crafted with :heart: by [Benji Thompson](https://github.com/benjipt)

Commit message:

chore[config]: migrate from npm to yarn 4.4.0 and update deps

README.md, after:

# Vite TypeScript React Template

This template provides a robust starting point for building React applications using TypeScript. It's designed with developer experience and code quality in mind, featuring a suite of tools for efficient development.

## Features

- **Vitest & React Testing Library**: Integrated testing setup to write and run tests effectively.
- **Prettier**: Automated code formatting for consistent code style.
- **Husky**: Pre-commit hooks with Husky to format code using Prettier on each commit.
- **ESLint Configuration**: A lightweight setup that surfaces warnings in the editor. Note: ESLint is not included in lint-staged by choice.

## Usage

- Click "Use this template" on the GitHub repository page to start a new project with this structure and configurations.
- Update `name` in package.json to the name of your new project.

## Configuration Notes

- **Vitest & React Testing Library**: Ready-to-use testing environment.
- **Prettier & Husky**: Pre-configured for code formatting and style consistency.
- **ESLint**: Enhances the development experience, but not configured for lint-staged to allow for customization.
- **Yarn**: Uses Yarn Modern 4.4.0 as default package manager (migrated from npm). 
  - _PnP is not currently set up for this project. To set up Yarn PnP, read this [guide](https://yarnpkg.com/features/pnp)._

## TODO

- **Jest Matchers**: Importing Jest matchers globally requires additional configuration.

## Contributing

Contributions are welcome. Feel free to suggest improvements or submit pull requests.

## Badges and Shields

[![Vite](https://img.shields.io/badge/built_with-Vite-blue.svg)](https://vitejs.dev/)
[![TypeScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/TypeScript-3178C6.svg?logo=typescript&logoColor=white)](https://www.typescriptlang.org/)
[![React](https://img.shields.io/badge/React-20232A.svg?logo=react&logoColor=61DAFB)](https://reactjs.org/)
[![Prettier](https://img.shields.io/badge/code_style-Prettier-ff69b4.svg?logo=prettier)](https://prettier.io/)
[![Husky](https://img.shields.io/badge/git_hooks-Husky-brightgreen.svg)](https://typicode.github.io/husky/)

---

Crafted with :heart: by [Benji Thompson](https://github.com/benjipt)
